Neo4j dashboards in Aura (#581)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/dashboards/sharing-dashboards.adoc

= Sharing dashboards
:description: Share your dashboards with people in your project.

> You can share your dashboards with people in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can share your dashboards with other users in your project.
```

You can either invite individual users from your project or share your dashboard with everyone in the project.

> a shared dashboard grants READ permission to the users you shared it with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A shared dashboard grants READ permission to the users you shared it with.
```

> Either use the three dots icon of a dashboard in the **Dashboards** page and select **Share** or select **Share** at the top right when looking at a particular dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either use the more menu *[...]* of a dashboard in the **Dashboards** page and select **Share** or select **Share** at the top right when looking at a particular dashboard.
```
